the heck all right so I wake up today
and I don't see my car I don't see my
parents car usually I park right there
Elizabeth in hmm no it's today okay so
that big truck is here to get rid of
that tree the reason they're getting rid
of the tree is because they're putting
in a new water line which is cool but
like right where the tree is like not
not anywhere to the left or to the right
like right with it is so yeah so just
imagine this house without that it's
gonna look so weird I I don't even know
yeah I don't you just get like a nice
wide shot I said they're getting started
pretty soon so I'm gonna set up a tripod
to get some cool angles what do you want
to say v8 it just looks nice with the
three trees roughly same age same size I
am gonna end up putting in a little gas
like a little like when they tear at the
driveway I'll run I'll let their
electrical line yes conduit out and at
least just put it I don't you have to
install it right away
electric and then you can run the the
heated driveway all right so we don't
have to shovel you say that lady forgive
I had the money to do that I wouldn't
give any Heat haha this is angle number
one there he goes the man with a
chainsaw it's gonna cut the whole thing
down
who let you take down a tree
more
it's guys snickering
and now it's gone and it's not gonna
grow back anytime soon
was it fun half-hour